docs(object): review object storage docs - MTA-2636 (#1178)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/how-to/manage-lifecycle-rules.mdx

With the Scaleway Console, you can change objects to a different storage class [manually](/storage/object/how-to/edit-storage-class/) or automatically with lifecycle rules. These rules also allow users to set expiration dates for objects and object versions.

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [created an Object Storage bucket](/storage/object/how-to/create-a-bucket/)
</Message>

## How to create a lifecycle rule
1. Click **Object Storage** in the **Storage** section of the side menu. The list of your buckets displays.
2. Click the name of your bucket. The list of your objects displays
3. Click **Lifecycle Rules**.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-create-lifecycle-rule.webp" alt="" />
4. Click **+ Create Lifecycle Rule** to add a rule.
5. Enter a name for the rule.
6. Filter the objects you want the rule to be applied to by one or both of the following criteria:
    - **Prefix**: based on the object name. The defined rule will be applied to all objects with the same name prefix.

>     - **Tags**: comprised of a **key** and an associated **value**. These tags should be defined prior to the rule creation, for either a bucket or an object. You can add one or more tags to your filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Tags**: comprised of a **key** and an associated **value**. These tags should be defined prior to rule creation, for either a bucket or an object. You can add one or more tags to your filter.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-transition-rules.webp" alt="" />

## How to configure transition rules

If you wish to change the [storage class](/storage/object/concepts/#storage-class) of two or more objects at a time, you can set up a transition rule that will automate the process.

1. Click <Icon name="toggle" /> **Change object class** to transfer the current version of the objects to a different storage class.
2. Select the class.

> 3. Click **-** or **+**, or type in the exact amount of days after the rule's creation you want the current version to be transferred to another class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **-** or **+** to set a deadline after which your rule's current version will be transferred to another class. You can also directly type in the amount of days you wish to set for your deadline. 
```
